README.md, before:

# TinyTranslator

``
A tiny little webapp to quick and dirty translate XLIFF 2.0, XLIFF 1.2 or xmb/xtb files.
``

This project has moved to the monorepo [ngx-i18nsupport](https://github.com/martinroob/ngx-i18nsupport).

Here can find the actual [Tiny-Translator README](https://github.com/martinroob/ngx-i18nsupport/tree/master/projects/tiny-translator/README.md).

The ready to use application can be found on the following GitHubPages:
* [Tiny Translator (English)](https://martinroob.github.io/tiny-translator/en)
* [Tiny Translator (Deutsch)](https://martinroob.github.io/tiny-translator/de)
* [Tiny Translator (Google traduit Français)](https://martinroob.github.io/tiny-translator/fr-google)
* [Tiny Translator (Русский Google переведен)](https://martinroob.github.io/tiny-translator/ru-google)

Bugs can be reported using the [issue tracker of this repo](https://github.com/martinroob/tiny-translator/issues) or using the [issue tracker of the new monorepo](https://github.com/martinroob/ngx-i18nsupport/issues).

Commit message:

Updated readme with own github links + credits to original

README.md, after:

# TinyTranslator

`A tiny little webapp to quick and dirty translate XLIFF 2.0, XLIFF 1.2 or xmb/xtb files before Angular officially supports built-in translations.`

## Published at:

- [Tiny Translator (English)](https://john20xdoe.github.io/tiny-translator/en)
- [Tiny Translator (Deutsch)](https://john20xdoe.github.io/tiny-translator/de)
- [Tiny Translator (Google traduit Français)](https://john20xdoe.github.io/tiny-translator/fr-google)
- [Tiny Translator (Русский Google переведен)](https://john20xdoe.github.io/tiny-translator/ru-google)

## Local Run

- npm install
- npm run start-en
- Go to [localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200)

## Credits

### \* This is forked from [martinroob/tiny-translator](https://github.com/martinroob/tiny-translator)

Notes from original repo/author:

```
This project has moved to the monorepo [ngx-i18nsupport](https://github.com/martinroob/ngx-i18nsupport).

Here can find the actual [Tiny-Translator README](https://github.com/martinroob/ngx-i18nsupport/tree/master/projects/tiny-translator/README.md).

The ready to use application can be found on the following GitHubPages:
* [Tiny Translator (English)](https://martinroob.github.io/tiny-translator/en)
* [Tiny Translator (Deutsch)](https://martinroob.github.io/tiny-translator/de)
* [Tiny Translator (Google traduit Français)](https://martinroob.github.io/tiny-translator/fr-google)
* [Tiny Translator (Русский Google переведен)](https://martinroob.github.io/tiny-translator/ru-google)

Bugs can be reported using the [issue tracker of this repo](https://github.com/martinroob/tiny-translator/issues) or using the [issue tracker of the new monorepo](https://github.com/martinroob/ngx-i18nsupport/issues).
```
